your mind wants to leave victory big
chocolate cake
what is your coach think about is he
great yeah he's fine with that actually
my coaches my father so who are your
favorite tennis player to watch and why
I love watching tennis so even when I'm
spending like whole day on site and I'm
just so exhausted on that whole day
being on cords I go to the my room and
I'm watching nice sessions so I guess I
just love to watch tennis rapper Roger
Andy Murray do we have a great recipe
for Polish sausage so do you like Polish
sausages I do but just just what is good
barbecue give us a weather report in
your best Aussie accent
how's the action come on all of the
other players in service today it's
gonna be 29 degrees and very stunning
describe the life for you growing up on
tour I think the best was when I was
watching all of the players on TV and
then couple fields later I'm sharing
with them locker room restaurant
everything I'm playing against them I
think it's just I think it's the best
feeling what advice do you have for
girls thinking of paying tenants
the best advice is like when you're
playing tennis a nice body nice shape so
for girls I think is very important is
that why is that why you started playing
tennis I guess really what was the first
thing you bought with your prize money I
think it was this man
couple years ago was no I pastel my
first CD was Britney Spears's which was
Spice Girls
who are your closest girlfriends on tour
I think my sister of course is the
closest ones but I think also Caroline
Wozniacki we know each other since we
were little good friends with her and
also you know she's polish you know
languages are very important when you're
chatting nobody understand us is good
what junk food is your weakness I love
cheesecake
I seriously yeah anytime anywhere
what do you keep in your tennis bag I
have a lipstick yes mascara to apply
before you go yeah you look good yeah
you got the cameras on you you have to
look good exactly
my back is always big mess so it's just
yeah half of the stuff is just trash
what's the best thing about the
Australian Open after offseason when I'm
in home like two or three months it's
always looking forward to go to
Australia because it's just so much so
nice city friendly people this is just
great style you know for the new season
yeah and of course um
I'm always hip nice then what stuff yeah
exactly you know I'm at home was - 13
you